1350250250
AddAdminToUsers	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004153733_add_admin_to_users.rb	class AddAdminToUsers 
AddAuthenticatedToUsers	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004014426_add_authenticated_to_users.rb	class AddAuthenticatedToUsers 
AddPriceToOrders	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004181405_add_price_to_orders.rb	class AddPriceToOrders 
AddSessionsTable	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121002033419_add_sessions_table.rb	class AddSessionsTable 
AdminController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	class AdminController 
AdminControllerTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/admin_controller_test.rb	class AdminControllerTest 
AdminHelper	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/helpers/admin_helper.rb	module AdminHelper
AdminHelperTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/helpers/admin_helper_test.rb	class AdminHelperTest 
Application	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Cart	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/cart.rb	class Cart 
CartController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/cart_controller.rb	class CartController 
CartControllerTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/cart_controller_test.rb	class CartControllerTest 
CartHelper	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/helpers/cart_helper.rb	module CartHelper
CartHelperTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/helpers/cart_helper_test.rb	class CartHelperTest 
CartTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	class CartTest 
CreateCarts	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121002013907_create_carts.rb	class CreateCarts 
CreateOrders	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004181110_create_orders.rb	class CreateOrders 
CreateProductOrders	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121001200240_create_product_orders.rb	class CreateProductOrders 
CreateProducts	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121001200222_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
CreateUsers	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121002014845_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
ItemController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/item_controller.rb	class ItemController 
ItemControllerTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/item_controller_test.rb	class ItemControllerTest 
ItemHelper	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/helpers/item_helper.rb	module ItemHelper
ItemHelperTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/helpers/item_helper_test.rb	class ItemHelperTest 
LoginsTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/integration/logins_test.rb	class LoginsTest 
Order	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/order.rb	class Order 
OrderTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/order_test.rb	class OrderTest 
Product	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductOrder	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product_order.rb	class ProductOrder 
ProductOrderTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_order_test.rb	class ProductOrderTest 
ProductTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_test.rb	class ProductTest 
SafMailer	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/mailers/saf_mailer.rb	class SafMailer 
SafProj2	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/config/application.rb	module SafProj2
SessionsController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsControllerTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	class SessionsControllerTest 
SessionsHelper	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
SessionsHelperTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/helpers/sessions_helper_test.rb	class SessionsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	class UserController 
UserHelper	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/helpers/user_helper.rb	module UserHelper
UserHelperTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/helpers/user_helper_test.rb	class UserHelperTest 
UserTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
WelcomeController	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	class WelcomeController 
WelcomeControllerTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/welcome_controller_test.rb	class WelcomeControllerTest 
WelcomeHelper	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/helpers/welcome_helper.rb	module WelcomeHelper
WelcomeHelperTest	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/helpers/welcome_helper_test.rb	class WelcomeHelperTest 
add	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/cart.rb	  def add(prod_ord)
add_to_cart	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product_order.rb	  def add_to_cart(new_cart_id)
assign	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/cart.rb	  def assign(user)
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004153733_add_admin_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121001200222_create_products.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121001200240_create_product_orders.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121002013907_create_carts.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004014426_add_authenticated_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121002014845_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004181110_create_orders.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121002033419_add_sessions_table.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/db/migrate/20121004181405_add_price_to_orders.rb	  def change
change	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def change
changePassword	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/user.rb	  def changePassword(p)
change_quantity	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product_order.rb	  def change_quantity(quant)
checkAuth	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def checkAuth
check_admin	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def check_admin
check_cart	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def check_cart
checkout	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/cart.rb	  def checkout
checkout	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/mailers/saf_mailer.rb	  def checkout(user)
checkout	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/cart_controller.rb	  def checkout
clear	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/cart.rb	  def clear
create	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user
delete	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	  def delete 
destroy	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
do_helo	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/vendor/plugins/gmail_smtp/lib/smtp_tls.rb		def do_helo(helodomain)
do_start	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/vendor/plugins/gmail_smtp/lib/smtp_tls.rb		def do_start(helodomain, user, secret, authtype)
edit	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	  def index
items	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	  def items
list	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/item_controller.rb	  def list
new	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/user_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
orders	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/admin_controller.rb	  def orders
quit	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/vendor/plugins/gmail_smtp/lib/smtp_tls.rb		def quit
remove	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/cart.rb	  def remove(prod_ord)
remove_from_cart	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product_order.rb	  def remove_from_cart
specs	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/cart_controller.rb	  def specs
starttls	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/vendor/plugins/gmail_smtp/lib/smtp_tls.rb		def starttls
stuff_in_cart	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def stuff_in_cart
test_add_items_then_login	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/integration/logins_test.rb	  def test_add_items_then_login
test_add_remove	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_add_remove
test_add_to_cart	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_order_test.rb	  def test_add_to_cart
test_add_two_prod_ords_same_prod	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_add_two_prod_ords_same_prod
test_add_unique_product	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_add_unique_product
test_admin_access	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/integration/logins_test.rb	  def test_admin_access
test_assign	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_assign
test_cart_creation	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_cart_creation
test_change_password	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/user_test.rb	  def test_change_password
test_change_quantity	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_order_test.rb	  def test_change_quantity
test_checkout	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_checkout
test_clear	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/cart_test.rb	  def test_clear
test_get_index	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/welcome_controller_test.rb	  def test_get_index
test_login_admin	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_login_admin
test_login_badpass	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_login_badpass
test_login_logout	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_login_logout
test_login_normal_user	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	  def test_login_normal_user
test_login_simple	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/integration/logins_test.rb	  def test_login_simple
test_no_admin_access	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/integration/logins_test.rb	  def test_no_admin_access
test_no_login_purchase	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/integration/logins_test.rb	  def test_no_login_purchase
test_remove_from_cart	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_order_test.rb	  def test_remove_from_cart
test_update_inventory	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_test.rb	  def test_update_inventory
test_user_creation_already_existing	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_user_creation_already_existing
test_user_creation_already_existing_wrong_confirmation	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_user_creation_already_existing_wrong_confirmation
test_user_creation_bad_confirmation	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_user_creation_bad_confirmation
test_user_creation_correct	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	  def test_user_creation_correct
update_description	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product.rb	  def update_description(des)
update_description	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_test.rb	  def update_description
update_inventory	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product.rb	  def update_inventory(amount) 
update_name	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product.rb	  def update_name(name)
update_name	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_test.rb	  def update_name
update_price	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/models/product.rb	  def update_price(cost)
update_price	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/test/unit/product_test.rb	  def update_price
view	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/cart_controller.rb	  def view
welcome_email	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/mailers/saf_mailer.rb	  def welcome_email(user)
zoom	/home/saf/projects/saf_proj2/app/controllers/item_controller.rb	  def zoom
